W-15053644 bot 1.6.0 doc updates (#337)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-bot/1.6/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

To fix the terminal server setting, which is needed for Secure Sessions, ensure the software is installed. Visit xref:hardware-software-requirements.adoc[Hardware and Software Requirements] for more information about requirements for Secure Sessions.

[[diagnostic-infos]]
== Diagnostic Infos

The diagnostics panel shows important runtime information to help you identify current and potential problems with RPA Bot. The panel also shows which Windows session is currently being used by which secure session. Some values cannot be determined when RPA Bot is not running.

image:bot-configurator-diagnostic-infos.png[The RPA Bot Configurator application showing the Diagnostic Infos panel, 50%, 50%]

* *Bot Service state*
+
Shows the current status of the Windows service.
* *Bot start time (local time)*
+
Shows the last bot start time and running time. The time is shown in the time zone of the current RPA Bot user.
* *Process execution count*
+
Shows the number of processes that executed successfully since the last bot start time.
* *Workflow execution count*
+
Shows the number of workflows executed successfully since the last bot start time.
* *Average Secure session count*
+

> Shows the average number of secure sessions at the same time, the bot needs to run the processes since it was last started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the average number of secure sessions at the same time, the bot needs to run the processes since it was last started.
Could needs be must? ...the bot must run the process...
```

* *Max. Secure session count*
+

> Shows the maximum number of secure sessions at the same time the bot needs to run the processes since it was last started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the maximum number of secure sessions at the same time the bot needs to run the processes since it was last started.
Could needs be must?
```

* *Last Time used to established a new secure session*
+
Shows the time a secure session was last created. If a secure session has not been created since the last bot start time, then a value is not shown.
* *Session creation errors occurred in the last hour*
+
Shows the number of errors that occurred in the last hour when creating a secure session.
* *Session creation errors occurred in the last day*
+

> Shows the number of errors that occurred in the last twenty-four when creating a secure session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the number of errors that occurred in the last 24 hours when creating a secure session.
```

* *Connection errors occurred in the last hour*
+
Shows the number of errors that occurred in the last hour when establishing a connection to RPA Manager.
* *Connection errors occurred in the last day*
+

> Shows the number of errors that occurred in the last twenty-four hours when establishing a connection to RPA Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the number of errors that occurred in the last 24 hours when establishing a connection to RPA Manager.
```

* *Last average of download speed*
+
Shows the average download speed when RPA Bot is downloading the last runtime package. This is an indicator of the connection quality between RPA Bot and RPA Manager. If no runtime packages have been downloaded since the last bot start time, then a value is not shown. 
* *Time used for RPA Manager connection test*
+

> When your referesh the Diagnostic Infos panel, RPA Bot runs a connection test to RPA Manager. This field shows the amount of time RPA Bot used to test the connection to RPA Manager. This is an indicator of the connection quality between RPA Bot and RPA Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you refresh the Diagnostic Infos panel, RPA Bot runs a connection test to RPA Manager. This field shows the amount of time RPA Bot used to test the connection to RPA Manager. This is an indicator of the connection quality between RPA Bot and RPA Manager.
```
